Add database integration related templates and guides (#331)
wso2/ballerina-integrator: templates/database-integrations/data_backed_service/src/data_backed_service/Module.md

# Data Backed Service

> Data inside a database can be exposed to the outside world by using a database backed RESTful web service. RESTful API calls enable you to add, view, update, and remove data stored in a database from the outside world. This template demonstrates on building a database-backed RESTful web service with Ballerina.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data inside a database can be exposed to the outside world by using a database backed RESTful web service. RESTful API calls enable you to add, view, update, and remove data stored in a database from the outside world. This template demonstrates how to build a database-backed RESTful web service with Ballerina.
```

> Please use the guide documentation [Database Interaction](https://github.com/wso2/ballerina-integrator/tree/master/docs/learn/guides/database-integrations/data-backed-service) for a more detailed explanation.

Reviewer: Better use relative links here. When this is rendered on the doc site it has to point to a doc page, not GitHub.

## Compatibility
| Ballerina Language Version  | 
|:---------------------------:|
|  1.0.0                     |

> ## Prerequisites

Reviewer: Let's add VS Code and Java as well.

* [MySQL version 5.6 or later](https://www.mysql.com/downloads/)
* [Official JDBC driver](https://dev.mysql.com/downloads/connector/j/) for MySQL
* Copy the downloaded JDBC driver to the <BALLERINA_HOME>/bre/lib folder.
* Use the following database schema to store details related to the template. Find the `initializeDataBase.sql` file located inside the `src/<module_name>/resources` folder.
```
+------------+-------------+------+-----+---------+-------+
| Field      | Type        | Null | Key | Default | Extra |
+------------+-------------+------+-----+---------+-------+
| EmployeeID | int         | NO   | PRI | NULL    |       |
| Name       | varchar(50) | YES  |     | NULL    |       |
| Age        | int         | YES  |     | NULL    |       |
| SSN        | int         | YES  |     | NULL    |       |
+------------+-------------+------+-----+---------+-------+

```

## Running the Template

> Configure the ballerina.conf file inside `src/<module_name>/resources` directory with relevant configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the `ballerina.conf` file inside `src/<module_name>/resources` directory with the relevant configuration.
```

Execute the following Ballerina command from within the Ballerina project folder to run the data backed service template module.
```ballerina    

> ballerina run <module_name> --b7a.config.file=<path_to_ballerina.conf_file>

Reviewer: Shall we use the module name used in this guide?
